week 7 - Graded Assignment 7 :: IITM Online Degree week 7 - Graded Assignment 7 week 7 - Graded Assignment 7 The due date for submitting this assignment has passed. Due on 2026-04-01, 23:59 IST. You may submit any number of times before the due date. The final submission will be considered for grading. You have last submitted on: 2026-04-01, 21:38 IST 3 points Consider the below function. xxxxxxxxxx 1 def func ( nums : list ): 2 return sum ( num for num in nums if len ( str ( num )) < 2 ) Select all the data processing pattern(s) found in the given function. Aggregation Filtering Mapping None of the above Yes, the answer is correct. Score: 3 Targeted Feedback: summing to give a single result filtering the numbers with single digit. Feedback: Output is the sum of single digit numbers Accepted Answers: Aggregation Filtering 3 points Consider the below function. xxxxxxxxxx 1 def func ( nums : list ): 2 return sum ( num * 2 for num in nums ) Select all the data processing pattern(s) found in the given function. Aggregation Filtering Mapping None of the above Yes, the answer is correct. Score: 3 Targeted Feedback: Summing to give single value doubling each value Feedback: Output is the sum of twice the input values. Accepted Answers: Aggregation Mapping 3 points Consider the below function. xxxxxxxxxx 1 def func ( sentence : str ): 2 return next (( word for word in sentence . split () if 'a' in word ), None ) Select all the data processing pattern(s) found in the given function. Aggregation Filtering Mapping None of the above No, the answer is incorrect. Score: 0 Accepted Answers: Aggregation Filtering 3 points Consider the below function. xxxxxxxxxx 1 def func ( sentence : str ): 2 return next (( word * 2 for word in sentence . split () if 'a' in word )) Select all the data processing pattern(s) found in the given function. Aggregation Filtering Mapping None of the above Partially Correct. Score: 1.98 Accepted Answers: Aggregation Filtering Mapping 3 points Consider the below function. xxxxxxxxxx 1 def func ( sentence : str ): 2 return [ word * 2 for word in words if 'a' in word ] Select all the data processing pattern(s) found in the given function. Aggregation Filtering Mapping None of the above No, the answer is incorrect. Score: 0 Accepted Answers: None of the above 3 points Consider the below function. xxxxxxxxxx 1 def func ( sentence : str ): 2 return '' . join ([ 3 chr ( ord ( char ) + 1 ) if char in 'aeiou' else chr ( ord ( char ) - 1 ) 4 for char in sentence 5 ]) Select all the data processing pattern(s) found in the given function. Aggregation Filtering Mapping None of the above No, the answer is incorrect. Score: 0 Accepted Answers: Aggregation Mapping 3 points Consider the below function. xxxxxxxxxx 1 def func ( sentence : str ): 2 return '' . join ([ 3 chr ( ord ( char ) + 1 ) 4 for char in sentence 5 if char in 'aeiou' 6 ]) Select all the data processing pattern(s) found in the given function. Aggregation Filtering Mapping None of the above Yes, the answer is correct. Score: 3 Accepted Answers: Aggregation Filtering Mapping 3 points Consider the below function. xxxxxxxxxx 1 def func ( nums : list ): 2 return [ num * 2 for num in nums ] Select all the data processing pattern(s) found in the given function. Aggregation Filtering Mapping None of the above Yes, the answer is correct. Score: 3 Accepted Answers: Mapping 3 points Consider the below function. xxxxxxxxxx 1 def func ( n : int ): 2 return [ num * 2 for num in range ( n ) if len ( str ( num ) < 2 )] Select all the data processing pattern(s) found in the given function. Aggregation Filtering Mapping None of the above No, the answer is incorrect. Score: 0 Accepted Answers: None of the above 3 points Consider the below function. xxxxxxxxxx 1 def func ( n : int ): 2 return [ num for num in range ( n ) if len ( str ( num )) < 2 ] Select all the data processing pattern(s) found in the given function. Aggregation Filtering Mapping None of the above No, the answer is incorrect. Score: 0 Accepted Answers: Filtering 3 points Consider the below function. xxxxxxxxxx 1 def func ( n : int ): 2 return next (( num for num in range ( n ) if len ( str ( num )) < 2 ), None ) Select all the data processing pattern(s) found in the given function. Aggregation Filtering Mapping None of the above Yes, the answer is correct. Score: 3 Accepted Answers: Aggregation Filtering 3 points Consider the below function. xxxxxxxxxx 1 def func ( n : int ): 2 result = [ num for num in range ( n ) if len ( str ( num )) < 2 ] 3 return result [ - 1 ] if result else None Select all the data processing pattern(s) found in the given function. Aggregation Filtering Mapping None of the above Yes, the answer is correct. Score: 3 Accepted Answers: Aggregation Filtering 3 points Consider the below function. xxxxxxxxxx 1 def func ( nums : list ): 2 return min ( num ) Select all the data processing pattern(s) found in the given function. Aggregation Filtering Mapping None of the above No, the answer is incorrect. Score: 0 Accepted Answers: None of the above 3 points Consider the below function. xxxxxxxxxx 1 def func ( nums : list ): 2 return min ( len ( str ( num )) for num in nums ) Select all the data processing pattern(s) found in the given function. Aggregation Filtering Mapping None of the above Yes, the answer is correct. Score: 3 Accepted Answers: Aggregation Mapping 3 points Consider the below function. xxxxxxxxxx 1 def func ( nums : list ): 2 return min ( nums , key = lambda x : len ( str ( abs ( x ))) Select all the data processing pattern(s) found in the given function. Aggregation Filtering Mapping None of the above No, the answer is incorrect. Score: 0 Accepted Answers: Aggregation